User counting (#548)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/enterprise/installation/install.adoc

TIP: if you want to remove the current license, open ownCloud and navigate to menu:Settings[Admin > General] and click btn:[Remove current license key].

=== User counting

Your ownCloud Enterprise License Key is valid for the purchased amount of users, as per the ownCloud EULA - ownCloud Commercial License.

> When you generate a config.report you will get a counting of the enabled users, the ownCloud guest users (if the guest app is enabled) and the number of user directories created. The later is the user number you will need licenses for. Guest users are currently counted with a fair use policy - which means that you can't have more guest users then you have licensed users. If you exceed the number of licensed users please contact your account manager or ownCloud Partner and true-up as per your contract or EULA with us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you generate a config.report you will get a counting of the enabled users, the ownCloud guest users (if the guest app is enabled) and the number of user directories created. The latter is the user number you will need licenses for. Guest users are currently counted with a fair use policy - which means that you can't have more guest users than you have licensed users. If you exceed the number of licensed users please contact your account manager or ownCloud Partner and true-up as per your contract or EULA with us.
```

> The user directories are created on first login. When a user is deleted, the user directories are deleted as well. Users which are disblaed count. The last login is irrelavant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user directories are created on first login. When a user is deleted, the user directories are deleted as well. Users which are disabled count. The last login is irrelevant.
```

> === User counting
> 
> Your ownCloud Enterprise License Key is valid for the purchased amount of users, as per the ownCloud EULA - ownCloud Commercial License.
> When you generate a config.report you, will get a counting of the enabled users, the ownCloud guest users -- if the guest app is enabled and the number of user directories created. The latter is the user number you will need licenses for. Guest users are currently counted with a fair use policy -- which means, that you can't have more guest users than you have licensed users. If you exceed the number of licensed users, please contact your account manager or ownCloud Partner and true-up as per your contract or EULA with us.
> The user directories are created on first login. When a user is deleted, the user directories are deleted as well. Users which are disabled count. The last login is not relevant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== User Counting

Your ownCloud Enterprise License Key is valid for the purchased amount of users, as per the ownCloud EULA - ownCloud Commercial License.
When you generate a config.report, you will get:
* a counting of the enabled users, 
* the ownCloud guest users -- if the guest app is enabled and
* the number of user directories created.

The latter is the user number you will need licenses for. Guest users are currently counted with a fair use policy -- which means, that you can't have more guest users than you have licensed users. If you exceed the number of licensed users, please contact your account manager or ownCloud Partner and true-up as per your contract or EULA with us.
The user directories are created on first login. When a user is deleted, the user directories are deleted as well. Users which are disabled count. The last login is not relevant.
```

TIP: if you want to remove the current license, open ownCloud and navigate to menu:Settings[Admin > General] and click btn:[Remove current license key].

=== User Counting

Your ownCloud Enterprise License Key is valid for the purchased amount of users, as per the ownCloud EULA - ownCloud Commercial License.

> When you generate a config.report, you will get:
> * a counting of the enabled users, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you generate a config.report, you will get:

* a counting of the enabled users, 
```
